all right we got this thing warmed up
and um you can see a couple cool things
one says they built in radar detector
system it's called caliber and it's
calve okay forward it's bill then to the
dash so I can set it
all right city
or sit on highway see links right there
and it's an awesome system it has radar
jammers in the front bed end in the
front of the car and in the rear so
actually jams radar signals and as all
the X bands and stuff builds into the
front in the back and into the dash up
here let me see mr. 7-speed and I guess
by the coolest thing is just to go on
the highway and freaking launch this
thing so you can see the speedometer
goes up to 200 those a regulator and all
bmws of 160 so the regulator in this car
hasn't been turned off and I really
don't plan on getting it past 160 anyway
because Pat being I get myself in
trouble so let's uh let's see we can
launch this thing safely
head us up to I don't know 120 130 so
far I've had it for a couple days
honestly we got a you're getting front
of vehicles I got one sexy
but it'll bring you that we gotta love
vehicles get ahead of us yet truck right
there we're going to frickin whip past
that thing like no one's business we got
car comin right there on me say anyway
gonna let this guy get up on us numbers
going to go Betty
hi there lon 20 and I gotta slow down
because you can see beats
so let's soon you get an M which I will
sprocket much
Oh
we're at 110 right now obviously got to
be careful
six thousand rpms 110 90 and then in
fourth gear right now which is a pretty
powerful gear as you can see i will run
this corner i'll kick in till cakes for
yard wisdom is here
large drive alarm out an hour and pull
it theorem actually not quite as far
signal own but i'm in cobleskill driver
anyway pretty awesome all right i'm
gonna put this game away enjoy my ride
see ya